---
title: 'D&D One-Shot #1 - Session 1 Summary'
description: 'Session #1'
pubDate: 'Jun 30 2025'
---

# Session 1

We met Don Quixote, a paladin recently kicked out (like right then) of The Eye of Justice after being found out to be a fake member. Determined to not let it get her down, she went seeking any justice she could uphold. Coming across a newsboy, she buys a newspaper that says that The Eye of Justice is now defunct. The god that they were patrons of turned out to be fake and the entire ideology of The Eye of Justice crumbled. She came across a rude old lady that had lost her chicken and demanded Don Quixote help her find it. While talking, there are sounds of screams and chaos from The Castle Thalavar (the HQ of The Eye of Justice that Don Quixote was kicked out of). She pointed her in the direction the chicken went and she went off to find it. Meanwhile, on the outskirts of Westgate, we met Radix, a silly feral druid. He chased a hog, caught it, and basically tamed it. In that process, he also found a chicken stuck in a bush (the same chicken the old lady lost). However, in the process of freeing the chicken from the bush, the hog got spooked and ran into the city, causing chaos. Don Quixote manages to see them and stops the hog in its tracks, knocking it out. After meeting each other and explaining the situation, Don Quixote gives the chicken back to the asshole old lady and she thanks her. Don Quixote and Radix get to talking, but interrupting their conversation, they heard a faint voice in their heads telling them to go to the rocky crags just outside the city gates, where there is a secret entrance to the caverns underneath the city. After talking, they decide to go there together (with the hog in tow). However, before they go, Don Quixote decides to investigate the noises from Castle Thalavar which have now died down. Entering, they were met by bodies strewn everywhere of all the members of The Eye of Justice. The only remaining member was the leader Gedrin Thalavar who sat at round table prepared to drink an unknown concoction. After talking with Gedrin, he took a swig of the drink and started to choke. She ran out to get help from Radix, but coming back in, Gedrin was gone. After some investigation, they didn't find much other than the eye insignia of The Eye of Justice had an X through them and remaining magical energy. They left and decided to investigate the crags and the caverns underneath the city. They found a slimy substance that stretches throughout the caverns, which turned out to the be the voice they heard. It turns out this is a miner who was plaguechanged centuries ago and mutated into this slime that stretches almost a mile through the caverns. As they walk further into the caverns, the slime talked to them about why he called on them. It explains that he heard rumors of The Night Masks returning and noticed that they were powerful adventurers that could help. Last time, when The Night Masks were driven out, it took the combined forces of The Eye of Justice and a gang called The Fire Knives. The party explored a bit further into the caverns past where the slime could reach. They found a door to the previous lair of The Night Masks. They cleared the rubble and solved a puzzle to open the door. Part of the puzzle had them fight a blood shaped clone of Don Quixote. Right before defeating it, Don Quixote seemed to slurp up some of the blood. After defeating it, they entered the lair and found a broken altar with magical energy and a dead body of one of The Eye of Justice. The body had bite marks and was mutilated. Weirdly, the body should have been disposed of if it was the work of The Night Masks. They exited the lair and Don Quixote noticed a shadow in the darkness of the caverns but could not follow it. They talked to the slime again, ready to go back into the city to investigate the issue at hand.